October 18th Meeting

Gave a demo of the app so far(file upload and assignment)

Questions:
- Feedback on the demo? Particularly do they agree with the source assignment system.
- What is the current status of the test data?

Notes:
 - Asked to add a column to the source form for AFSC Column(role description).
 - Fuzzywuzzy python library for name similarity matching when names dont exactly match across files.
 - Asked to change id field to DODID field so its more clear.
 - TSgt West will be reminded about test data.
 - Asked about optional columns in schema(ie some files dont have a DODID column). Will need to determine rules for this when we have test data.